Fixed #31621 -- Added support for '--parallel auto' to test management command. (#14614)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

* Django test runner now supports a :option:`--shuffle <test --shuffle>` option
  to execute tests in a random order.

* The :option:`test --parallel` option now supports the value ``auto`` to mean
  "all CPU cores."

> 

Reviewer: Chop blank line.

* Django test runner now supports a :option:`--shuffle <test --shuffle>` option
  to execute tests in a random order.

> * The :option:`test --parallel` option now supports the value ``auto`` to mean
>   "all CPU cores."

Reviewer: Maybe :thinking: :
```suggestion
* The :option:`test --parallel` option now supports the value ``auto`` to run
  one test process for each processor core.
```

Author: Much better 👍
